Note S3 versioning requirement (#16423)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/backends.mdx

</Admonition>

S3 buckets can only be used as storage for the recorded sessions. S3 cannot
store the audit log or the cluster state.

S3 buckets must have versioning enabled, which ensures that a session log cannot
be permanently altered or deleted. Teleport will always look at the oldest
version of a recording.

> Below is an example of how to configure a Teleport auth server to store the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to configure the Teleport Auth Service to store the
```
I've been capitalizing Teleport-specific product names so it's easier to separate them from general technical terms.
